Faith - something that not only applies to religion. But, our well being - something that at times, comes and goes. There are times in which the mission I have been investing in, reaches points where I no longer believe in it. I have come to learn that these are partly projections of fear. But, also that faith is always present. Lack of faith, comes from the misplacement of the enviroment. The situation - if we were placed where we excelled, I believe faith would always be all powerful. Like the song "True Love will find you in the end", faith will find you. Forever work towards what it is that creates a spark within.

		------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## pt.1

During my time in Texsas, I stumbled upon a gallery whihc contained worked art pieces which only pertained to to Garlfield (The fat orange cat that hated Mondays, and loved his lasagna). The gallery was one that you would find in a high end chic spot on New York or someplace in europe. I was surprised that this lil gem existed, not only did it have the most consistance array of art - but it was all, really good. Leading up to this discovery, I have visited several dozen galleries (some fine and some, servicable) and this was by far, in my opinion something that could be profitable. What astonished me even more, was that it was not just one artist, it was several artists creating these pieces - all individuals with mental disabilities and down-syndrome. The space in which they created are was fine tuned for their needs, it contained all the supplies they could imagine, each with their own tablet and laptop with access to internet for research, with their own presonal space to produce as much art they wanted. This space prioritized what is was not only they desired, but what they excelled at. This got me thinking about LLMs and neural networks in general. How, a few years back ChatGPT was picking up traction on its content creation abilities, but had poor arithmetic skills (still kinda does). Though that did not stop researchers and programmers from getting these models to a place where they could excel. Fastforward to today and now you can find a model which can be an expert for most for most human needs (with limitations of course). Seeing as these LLMs contain transformers, with sets of neural networks which contains simialiar functions to that of the human brain. Now back to the individuals at the Texas gallery, excelling at their craft when placed in the correct enviroment, a place where that allows them to fine-tune their craft, with no distractions of their shortcomings or downgrade of resources.

Whether it be LLM or someone whith special needs - even your every day human. When trained with the tools that excite us and placed within an enviroment that encourages us excels us to be consistant with tasks provide intrinsic value, along with some sense of internal progression. Magic is  made. (To be continued)


